The software has been tested on FF (v11), Safari (v5) and Chrome
(v17). It may not work on IE browsers.

Menu
----

View All Courses
----------------
     
   You can view the courses in different programs. If you want to
   delete any course from a program, you will be required to provide
   an administrator access code; if you are not given such access to
   delete course from a program, contact Samik at sbasu@iastate.edu.

   Click on a course: you will be taken to course data page. The
   course description, credit hours are taken directly from the course
   catalog. You can view the data in the course page. If you want to
   change anything in the course page, you will have to provide an
   access code; the access code for a course is as follows:

   Course       Access-code
   -------------------------
   S E XXX      seXXX
   CPR E XXX    cpreXXX
   E E XXX      eeXXX

   There are three tabs in the course page. 
   
   Tab 1: provides the general information of the course.
   
   Tab 2: provides the mapping of the course to the ABET SOs. It has
   two segments. The bottom segment presents the mapping of the
   overall course to each of the outcomes. The top segment presents
   the mapping of individual assignments to the ABET SOs. Using the
   course access code, you will be able to update these information.
   (The ABET SO description is viewable if you bring the mouse over
   the outcome id)


   Tab 3: provides the information regarding student work. For each
   assignment in a course, the assignment file, the assignment
   solution file, and sample student work at three different levels
   (A, B, C) can be upload.

   **If you update any course information, click "Save Course Info"
   **button at the bottom of the page to save your updates.

Search By Student Outcome
--------------------------

In this page, you can select any program (SE, EE, CprE) and select one
or more ABET outcomes (and optionally select "required only") to view
the mapping of the courses in the selected program to the selected
ABET outcomes.

View All Student Outcomes
-------------------------

In this page, you can select a program and view the mapping of all
courses in the program to the ABET SOs.

Add a course
------------

In this page, you can add a course to one or more programs as a
required or elective course. First, you provide course number (e.g., S
E 319, CPR E 288, E E 330) in the top textfield and click "Retrieve
course data from ISU Catalog". It will populate the rest of the text
areas. Then you can select "Required" or "Elective" for one or more
programs, and finally click "Add Course to Program".

Example: For S E 319 as a required course in Software Engineering.

Type "S E 319" without quotes in the top text field and retrieve
information form the catalog. Select "Required" corresponding to
Software Engineering and finally click "Add Course to Program".

**If you try to add a course and do not see the course description
**textarea automatically populated, check whether you have typed the
**course name in exactly the same way as it appears in the catalog. If
**yes, contact Samik at sbasu@iastate.edu. 


ReadMe
------

This file.
